I just thought it was difficult after all
Because it is a child
The skin of the house is exactly the same
Since the cage the Juntendo graduate of human beings, but is a human being more than half in part came from the storage University
I have never felt the key
I think I've got enough chances and I think I'm not worried about it
Abe : A chapter of a man is a dream, and rather than moving in directly
Seeing what kind of place this store is from theirs
Pediatric care
I'd had interested in the first half but we lost a little in the last
It becomes finally possible
I malicious and much
I think it is because the student's training is over
Is not it always was much special 8 degrees but Well actually
Looking at the scene, I wonder if it's a kid
It is is the m about I thought simply and I wish it very
Because it is a child
I need a doctor 's hand to look at what to do
There is no compromise
I want to follow you
Well feel romance
Best
Children who would not have lived a long time ago by surgery
Necessary child
Naa's great
Well that much you
Is it
They are cute as they are according to ye image
Yes
There is a habit
Or it will have time painful
After all I was fine and when I came home
Well because you replaced with a house not fit a little because it is still a child a door Well, for generations
I think it is emotional
It's only once a week, but yes
I was worried about my mother etc.
Say
As it is about a child, there is a child inspection that I have to say carefully everything
Even one is hard
Healthy child became When you are full
Something that can be hidden in it
It is important that 5 Nobunaga is important not to miss
Help out professors in the form of transfer
Although as a child, such as Tteyuu
next to
I do it in the style of drawing instruction
No. I participated at first but it is still yes
I guess I'm nervous for a lifetime
Surgery for the same surgery is no longer
It is not this tension is
Just up to grade
Because it is a daily operation day
It is every case that is well hit, but there is a rose
Inauguration 3
I think it is 4 cases
If you enter as 10 species
Those who can not Mayara is also doing as the operator
In small , it is hernia together and yesterday it is position taking synchronization of the drawing of the maiden name and
I am still immature but I have a chance but I have a chance to do it
I think I got a lot
Aiya rare but still
It has been increasing recently
It's nice to be rewarding, but it 's good
Or eating rice can see of it is around or not go or go softening September once Well
Oh surgery, such as would die soon unless the children
By surgery
Ordinary things
Living expenses almost unchanged
To be obtained
After all I think that it is the biggest attraction
I do not know the future yet
Well I wanted a parliament, so first-class understanding
And I think that should I go doing it as a lifetime boundary
Research is now I am allowed to study the most common disease Tteyuu Herunya of children
Is where another last year Kana paper is waiting for a chart be published
Take a good look at the regular professor
It was giving me you stood but Hanari agile
After all I think authentication is also important, but because university is such a place
Hmm
When it is young , I think that it is better to experience various things including such things and broaden the scope.
Meal ticket Lord of everyone pediatric surgery is not well known
There is in the minor but I think that if the children are wonderful save lives by surgery
So by all means
If you think in the future
That's why
Thanking you in advance